<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_share_audio">
  <title>Share Audio in Microsoft Teams Meeting</title>
  <shortdesc>
    While sharing content during a Teams meeting, you can also share audio playing from your computer. When sharing audio, all sound from your computer, including notifications, will be audible to the meeting participants.
  </shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>
      You will need a Microsoft Teams account to access the meeting. You should already be sharing your screen to share audio.
    </prereq>
    <steps>
      <step audience="novice">
        <cmd>Allow Microsoft Teams access to your computer audio.</cmd>
        <info>
          <note type="attention">
            On desktop, you must first allow Micrsoft Teams to access your computer audio before sharing sounds during a meeting.
          </note>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>
          Select the <uicontrol>Share</uicontrol> button, a rectangle with an upwards facing arrow.
        </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>
          Toggle the <uicontrol>Include Sound</uicontrol> button.
        </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Install the latest Teams audio driver in order to include computer audio in a Teams meeting and avoid sound issues like echoing.</cmd>
        <info>
          <note type="notice">
            On Mac, sound issues will occassionally occur when sharing audio.
          </note>
        </info>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <postreq>
      Use only one device's mic and speaker per room while in a Teams meeting to avoid echoing sound.
      Minimizing the number of apps active while in a meeting prevents audio-visual issues such as buffering or poor sound quality.
    </postreq>
  </taskbody>
</task>