<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_share_screen">
  <title>Share Screen on Microsoft Teams</title>
  <shortdesc>
While in a Microsoft Teams meeting, users can present content by sharing their screen or entire desktop.
  </shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>You must have a Microsoft account to use Teams. Screen sharing is available in both the web and app versions of Teams, on a desktop computer or mobile device.</prereq>
    <steps>
      <step audience="novice">
        <cmd>Open or start Microsoft Teams.</cmd>
        <info><note type="tip">It is recommended you use the desktop version of Teams to share your screen.</note></info>
      </step>
      <step audience="novice">
        <cmd>Log into Microsoft Teams.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Start a Teams meeting.</cmd>
        <choices>
          <choice>
            Open an existing meeting link.
          </choice>
          <choice>Create a new Teams meeting.</choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Click the button in the upper-right corner of the screen showing an upward facing arrow inside a square.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Click share <uicontrol>Tab</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Window</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Entire Screen</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        <info><note>Sharing your tab will allow meeting participants to view the tab currently open on your browser. Sharing your window allows participants to view a specific window or application. All other information on the computer screen will not be shared. Sharing the entire screen allows participants to view your entire screen.</note></info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Check that there is a red outline around the presentation screen.</cmd>
        <info><note>Users will also see a red outline around the screen indicating that you are sharing content with those on the Teams meeting.</note></info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Stop Sharing</uicontrol> button to stop sharing your screen.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Audio Sharing</uicontrol> button from the presenter toolbar.</cmd>
        <info><note> Users can also share computer sound while screen sharing. The presenter toolbar contains user controls and is only visible to the person presenting.</note></info>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>